you moron what were you thinking do you
realize what this means we could all be
said at the time and musta got screwed
the place was wired to go up like a
firework factory and somebody tipped off
the cops but it was the problem fellas
Mike was supposed to torch some place in
the mall but he screwed the fuses and
now the cops crawling all over it we
gotta get our stuff and get out of here
he lacks both of you let me think for a
second tommy vercetti just doesn't cut
and run the cops are gonna be going over
that building with a fine-tooth comb
right but that takes time we got to go
in and torch that place or so yeah but
no one but a cop could give within a
mile of that place so we go as cops we
got to get uniforms we're gonna need a
squad car well thanks to you Mike I'm
sorry I got it oh we gotta do is lure
the cops in with the finger put him in a
locker and jump good plan let's go all
right hey
now that got them really irritating over
then you can property
excuse me I'm a cop
perfetto stop
this is cop business sir
100 my voice for the dance and you watch
sentra my story in a cop you're a robot
time up again ooh fits perfect and tight
around the crotch oh yeah yeah mine too
mine too
easy brother no cop drives is bad
remember smile at the other cops hey the
officer nice badge nice badge real
smooth Lance okay timers are set five
seconds of ticking five seconds
no it's mike for you
I don't
ook
there we go now boy